Fix: use shipping address at checkout when renewing, resubscribing or switching subscriptions (#179)
Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core: changelog.txt

*** WooCommerce Subscriptions Core Changelog ***

= 5.3.0 - 2023-xx-xx =

> * Fix - Use shipping address at checkout when renewing, resubscribing or switching subscriptions that contain different billing and shipping addresses.

Reviewer: Nitpick: Doesn't fix renewal, could just remove that one word. However, it could cause confusion.
```suggestion
* Fix - Shipping address correctly set when resubscribing or switching subscriptions that contain different billing and shipping addresses.
```
